==============================================================================
FONTE      https://stripcash.company/privacy
CAPTURADO  2026-07-31T01:16:17+00:00  ·  vantagem IT
MÉTODO     captura automatizada (HTTP)
SHA-256    1c4016a4ba54ce9557ef6e764bb93cd7a95a90de1200668d4602ed7e24a9a35e
           (do texto abaixo da linha, sem este cabeçalho)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Privacy Policy - stripcash.company
Technologies
Marketing
Log in
Privacy Policy
Technius Ltd is the operator (referred to as
the "Company", "we", "our" or "us") of the Stripach website, namely stripcash.com, its
affiliated websites and the services offered thereon (referred to as the "Websites"), with
such services including the Stripcash Affiliate Program (referred to as the "Affiliate
Program"). As used in this document "you" or "your" refers to you, any entity you represent,
your or its representatives, successors, assigns and affiliates, and any of your or their
devices. If you create an Account on behalf of a company or other entity, the terms "you" or
"your" includes both you as an individual as well as such company or other entity.
The Company is committed to protecting your
privacy and handling your personal data in an open and transparent manner. The personal data
that we collect and process will vary depending on how you use the Websites.
This privacy policy:
provides an
overview of how the Company collects and processes your personal data and tells you
about your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679
("GDPR");
is directed to
individuals who are: (a) visitors of the Websites (referred to in this privacy policy as
"Browsers") and (b) natural and/or legal persons who have created an Account with the
Websites in order to participate to the Affiliate Program of the Websites by creating
their own account (referred to in this privacy policy as "Affiliate Partners"). Browsers
and Affiliate Partners must be aged eighteen (18) years and over or must have attained
the age of majority in their respective jurisdiction in order to be able to use the
Websites. All persons who do not meet these criteria are strictly forbidden from
accessing, viewing the contents of, or otherwise joining the Websites. We do not
knowingly seek or collect any personal information from persons who have not attained
the age of eighteen (18).
For the purposes of this privacy policy:
when we refer to
"personal data" or "personal information" we mean data which identifies or may identify
you and which may include, for instance, your email or IP address;
when we refer to
"processing" we mean the handling of your personal data by us, including collecting,
protecting and storing your personal data; and
when we refer to
"sensitive data" we mean personal data which may reveal information about racial or
ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union activities, physical
or mental health, sexual life, genetic or biometric data.
Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined are defined as set forth in the Stripcash Terms and Conditions found
here.
1. Who we are
Technius Ltd is a limited liability company,
registered in the Republic of Cyprus under registration number HE 349515, having its
registered office at Spyrou Kyprianou 75, Flat/Office 102, Potamos Germasogeias, 4042, Limassol, Cyprus.
If you have any questions, comments and/or
requests regarding this privacy policy or wish to obtain more details in relation to the
personal data we process about you, please contact us by sending an email to
affiliates@stripchat.com.
2. How we collect your personal data
We obtain your personal data mainly through
any information you provide directly to us through our Websites. Sometimes your personal
data can also be shared with us, if for example you use an authentication system to Log in.
Below is a list of ways we collect your personal data:
when you visit
and/or use our Websites;
when you complete
our registration form;
when you log in to
our Websites using an authentication system;
when you post
materials or upload content;
when you take part
in surveys or report a problem with our Websites; and/or
when you contact
with us via email, text, post or other ways of communication.
when you interact
with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those
applications or advertising include links to this privacy policy.
It does not apply to information collected
by:
us offline or
through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third
party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party
(including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or
content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the
Websites. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties
to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are
not responsible for their privacy statements.
3. If you fail to provide personal data
Browsers/Affiliate Partners
Where we need to collect and process your
personal data in order to provide you with our services and you fail to provide that data
when requested, we may not be able to provide you with access to our Websites and/or the
services we offer. In this case, we may have to suspend your access to the Websites or, if
you are an Affiliate Partner, prohibit any access to non-public areas of the Websites or
restrict the operation of your Account and the services we provide to you.
Affiliate Partners
Where we need to collect and process your
personal data in order to enable you to use our Websites as an Affiliate Partner and you
fail to provide that data when requested, we will not be able to provide you with final
approval to access and use your Account and the Websites or, if such approval was provided
to you in the past, we may withdraw such approval and suspend the operation of your
Account.
4. Personal data that we collect and process
We will collect different categories of
personal data from you depending on your level of interaction with our Websites. We will
limit the collection and processing of information to information necessary to achieve one
or more of our legitimate purposes as identified in this privacy policy.
Personal data we collect and process
from Browsers
Technical
Data , including your Internet Protocol (IP) address and associated country,
your browser type and version, time zone setting and location, operating system
and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access the Websites;
Cookies . For more information on the cookies we collect, please visit out
Cookies Policy .
Usage
Data , including your communication preferences and information about how you
use our Websites including the services you viewed or searched for, page
response times, download errors, length and number of visits and page
interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) as well as
the links you clicked on or used. To learn more about our use of cookies or
similar technology, please check our Cookies
Policy ;
User
Submitted Data , including data collected for a specific function, for
instance a contest or a survey;
Communications
and correspondence , including any correspondence between you and us and any
other communication between you and anyone else on the Websites, including
customer service requests and emails.
Consents ,
including any permissions, consents or preferences that you give to the
Websites.
Personal data we collect and process
from Affiliate Partners
All
personal data we collect from Browsers, set out in paragraph 4a above;
Identity
and Contact Data , including username or similar identifier, password, full
name, address, email address, skype and VAT number;
Usage
Data , including data about which products and services you use all metrics
and measurements regarding your campaigns and any other of your activities on
the Websites.
User
Submitted Data , including data collected at your discretion for a specific
function, for instance your username and password, your interests, preferences,
feedback and survey responses, or you choose to upload on the Websites.
Financial
and Transactional Information , including bank account, direct debit data,
billing address and fund transfers and other details in relation to your
commercial activity with our products and services; and
Marketing
Data , including preferences in receiving marketing from us, our affiliates
and third-parties.
Data
generated during your use of the Websites , including your unique Affiliate
Partner ID and Unique Link.
We may also collect, use and share
aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for the purpose of customizing our
marketing efforts or the use of our Websites. Aggregated data may be derived from your
personal data but is not considered personal data as this data does not directly or
indirectly reveal your identity. For instance, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate
the percentage of users accessing a specific Websites feature, to generate statistics about
our users, to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Websites feature, to
calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics. If we
combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or
indirectly identify you, we will treat the combined data as personal data which shall be
used in accordance with this privacy policy.
5. Sensitive data
If you are a Browser or Affiliate Partner,
we may process sensitive data in relation to your ethnic origin or your sexual orientation,
provided that you have provided such sensitive data to us and if we have first obtained your
explicit consent to do so. We will never request that you disclose your sexual orientation
to us.
6. Automated personal data collection
As you navigate through and interact with
our Websites, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing
actions and patterns. We collect these data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
We may also use these technologies to collect information about your online activities
across third-party websites. Please see paragraph "Choices About How We Collect, Use and
Disclose Your Personal Information" below and our Cookies
Policy for further details on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on these
Websites and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable
consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.
7. Why we need your personal data and how we use it
We will only use and share your information
where it is necessary for us to provide you with our lawful services in accordance with this
privacy policy. We would like to ensure that you fully understand why your information may
be used. We will only use your personal data when the applicable local law allows us to.
We will most commonly use your personal data
in the following circumstances:
where we need to
perform our services to you, as necessary in accordance with our Websites Terms and Conditions ;
where it is
necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests
and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
where we need to
comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; and/or
where you have
given us your consent.
Below, we describe these circumstances in
further detail.
Performance of our services to
you
Provision of
services
We may collect and
process your personal data where it is necessary in order to present
our Websites and their contents to you, including any interactive
features on our Websites and to provide you with information,
products or services that you request from us.
Please note that if
you do not agree to provide us with the requested information, it
may not be possible for us to continue to operate your Account
and/or provide you with the services we provide to our Affiliate
Partners.
Customer management
(Affiliate Members Only)
We may collect and
process your personal data where it is necessary in order to
administer our relationship with you, manage your Account, to
provide you with customer support and notices about your Account,
including expiration and renewal notices, and inform you about any
notices about changes to our Websites or any products or services we
offer or provide through it.
Legitimate interests
Customization of
content
We may collect and
process your personal data where it is necessary in order to perform
research and analysis about your use or, or interest in, our
Websites' content and/or services, so as to develop and display
content and advertising tailored to your interests on our
Websites.
Analytics
We may collect and
process your personal data where it is necessary in order to
determine whether users of the Websites are unique, or whether the
same user is using the Websites on multiple occasions, and to
monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages
viewed and demographic patterns.
Functionality and
security
We may collect and
process your personal data where it is necessary to diagnose or fix
technology problems, and to detect, prevent, and respond to actual
or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property
infringement.
Other legitimate
interests
In addition to the
above, we may process your data, to the extent required for our
business needs in order to:
develop new
products and services on our Websites as well as analyze and
target new markets;
protect our
legal rights and interests (including legal claims and preparing
our defense in litigation);
monitor,
maintain and improve internal business processes, information
and data, technology and communication solutions and
services;
ensure
network information security, including monitoring Browsers' and
Affiliate Partners' access to our information technology for the
purpose of preventing cyber- attacks, unauthorized use of
Websites and prevention or detection of crime;
send you
relevant marketing information (including details of other
services provided by us which we believe may be of interest to
you), but only where you are Affiliate Partners of the Websites
(For more information, see paragraph "Choices About How We
Collect, Use and Disclose Your Personal Information") below;
monitor the
performance and effectiveness of our services and the Websites;
and
assess the
quality of our customer services.
For compliance with legal
obligations
When you visit and/or use and/or
register in our Websites (and throughout your relationship with us), we are
required to comply with certain legal and regulatory obligations which may
involve the processing of your personal data. This may include processing
to:
perform checks and comply with laws relating to fraud;
identify other infringements of our Terms and
Conditions ;
and
manage contentious regulatory matters, investigations and litigation.
You have provided your
consent
We will ask for your consent
when we wish to provide marketing information to you in relation to our services
which we believe may be of interest and of benefit to you, but only where you
are a Browser.
We will also ask for your
consent when we collect sensitive data for you, where you are a Browser or
Affiliate Partner, as described in this privacy policy.
You have the right to revoke
your consent at any time. However, any processing of personal data prior to the
receipt of your revocation will not be affected.
8. Who we share your personal data with
It is our policy not to use or share
personal data about you in ways unrelated to those described in this privacy policy without
also providing you with an opportunity to opt out or otherwise object to such unrelated
uses. However, we may disclose personal data about you, or information regarding your use of
the services or the Websites to third parties for any of the reasons set out hereinabove, or
if we are legally required to do so, or if we are authorized under our contractual and
statutory obligations. When we disclose your personal data to service providers, we will
ensure that they are bound by a contract requiring them to comply with their GDPR
obligations. Under the circumstances referred to above, recipients of personal data may be,
for example:
members of our
corporate group which operate partner websites such as www.stripchat.com,
to the extent necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy and to enable
you to have access to certain features;
to our authorized
service providers that perform certain services on our behalf, such as Paxum. These
services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, risk and fraud
detection and mitigation, providing customer service, performing business and sales
analysis, customization of content, analytics, security, supporting our Websites'
functionality, and supporting contests, surveys and other features offered through our
Websites. These service providers may have access to personal data needed to perform
their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other
purposes.
governmental and
regulatory bodies, including law enforcement authorities, in connection with enquiries,
proceedings, legal process, governmental requests or investigations by such parties or
in order to enable the Company to comply with its legal and regulatory requirements. We
specifically reserve the right to disclose any and all information to law enforcement in
the event that a crime is committed or suspected or detected or if we are compelled to
do so by lawful criminal, civil or administrative process, discovery requests,
subpoenas, court orders or writs, to enforce applicable terms of use, including
investigation of potential violations thereof, to detect, prevent or otherwise address
security or technical issues, protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of
our company, our users, our employees, or others; or to maintain and protect the
security and integrity of our Websites or infrastructure. In such cases, we may raise or
waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion.
buyers or other
legal successors in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization,
dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going
concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal
information held by us about our Websites' Browsers and Affiliate Partners is among the
assets transferred. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts
to ensure that the entity to which we transfer your personal data uses it in a manner
that is consistent with this privacy policy; and/or
legal or other
professional consultants.
We may also disclose aggregated information
about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We also may share aggregated information with third- parties for conducting general business
analysis. This information does not contain any personal data and may be used to develop
content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target
content and advertising.
Please note that we have never sold and will
never sell your personal data to third parties.
9. Financial Information
Financial information (including personal
information) that you have provided to us will only be shared with our third-party
processors in order to initiate and complete any orders placed on your Αccount. All
financial transactions and such are processed with industry standard encryption through
third party processors who only use your financial information and personal information for
that purpose. All financial data and related personal information will not be shared by us
with third parties except with your authorization or when necessary to carry out all and any
transactions requested by you with the understanding that such transactions may be subject
to rules, terms, conditions and policies of a third party. All such information provided to
a third party is subject to their terms and conditions.
10. Security of your personal data
We take appropriate security measures
(including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to safeguard your personal data
from unauthorized access and disclosure. For instance, only authorized employees are
permitted to access personal data, and they may do so only for permitted business functions.
In addition, we use encryption in the transmission of your personal data between your system
and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to
your personal data. However, please be advised that we cannot fully eliminate security risks
associated with the storage and transmission of personal data as we cannot guarantee that
our security measures will prevent third-party hackers from illegally obtaining this
information.
You are responsible for maintaining the
secrecy of your unique password and Account information at all times. We are not responsible
for circumventions of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the
Websites.
11. Information we transfer
Some of our external third parties are based
outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") so the processing of your personal data may
involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your data outside the
EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of
the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only
transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate
level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
Where we use
service providers outside the EEA, we may use specific contracts approved by the
European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in the European
Union.
Where we use
providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the EU-US
Privacy Shield, which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data
shared between the European Union and the US.
We may additionally, in rare occasions,
transfer your personal data to a party outside the EEA where we have your prior explicit
consent to do so or where such transfer is necessary for the provision of our services to
you.
12. Marketing information
We may process your personal data so as to
inform you about existing and/or future services that may be of interest to you by sending
you periodic announcements with details on existing and/or new services and/or programs.
You have the right to object at any time to
the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes, by sending us an email at affiliates@stripchat.com
or by clicking at the opt-out link at the bottom of any marketing emails we send you.
We can only use your personal data to
promote our services to you if we have your explicit consent to do so, or in certain cases
such as for example when you are an Affiliate Partner of our Websites, if we consider that
it is in our legitimate interest to do so. You may also occasionally receive marketing
communications from our affiliates, but only provided you have given your explicit consent
in receiving such communications.
Even if you inform us that you no longer
wish to receive marketing material, you will still receive from us system notices and other
information specifically related to your Account from time to time.
13. How long we keep your personal data for
We will only keep your personal data for as
long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of
satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data
for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a
prospect of litigation in respect of our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention
period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal
data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data,
the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those
purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Where we no longer need to process your
personal data for purposes set out in this privacy policy, we will delete your personal data
from our systems. However, we may keep your data for longer if we cannot delete it for
legal, regulatory or technical reasons. If we do, we will make sure that your privacy is
protected and that your data are only used for those purposes. The period for which we keep
your personal information that is necessary for compliance and legal enforcement purposes
varies and depend on the nature of our legal obligations and claims in the individual
case.
Where permissible, we will also delete your
personal data upon your request. Information on how to make a deletion request can be found
under the paragraph "Your data protection rights" below.
If you have questions about our data
retention practices, please contact us electronically by sending as an email at affiliates@stripchat.com.
14. Your data protection rights
Subject to local law, you have certain
rights regarding the personal data we collect, use or disclose and that is related to you.
We want to make sure you are aware of your rights in relation to the personal data we
process about you. We have described those rights and the circumstances in which they apply
further below.
Right to
Access : This enables you to get access or receive a copy of the personal data that
we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Right to Data
Rectification and Correction : If you believe that any of the information that we
hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you have a right to request that we correct
and rectify the inaccurate personal information.
Right to be Forgotten /
Erasure : You may request that we delete your personal information if you believe
that:
we no
longer need to process your information for the purposes for which it was
provided;
we
have requested your permission to process your personal information and you
wish to withdraw your consent; or
we are
not using your information in a lawful manner.
Right to object : You
have the right to object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on
a legitimate interest and there is something about your particular situation which
makes you want to object to processing on this ground. If you exercise your right to
object, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate
compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests,
rights and freedom or for the establishment, exercise and defense of legal claims.
You also have the right to
object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
This also includes profiling in as much as it is related to direct
marketing.
If you object to processing for
direct marketing purposes, then we shall stop the processing of your personal
data for such purposes.
Depending on the circumstances,
we may need to restrict or cease processing your personal data altogether or,
where requested, delete your personal data. Please note that if you object us
processing your personal data, we may have to suspend the services we provide to
you.
Right to Restriction of
Processing : You have the right to request the restriction of processing of your
personal data. This enables you to ask us to restrict the processing of your
personal data if:
it is
not accurate; or
it has
been used unlawfully but you do not want us to delete it; or
it is
not relevant any more, but you want us to keep it for use in possible legal
claims; or
you
have already asked us to stop using your personal data but you are waiting
for us to confirm if we have legitimate grounds to use your personal
data.
Please note that if you request
us to restrict processing of your personal data, we may have to suspend the
services we provide to you.
Right to data
portability : Where we have requested your permission to process your personal data
or you have provided us with information for the purposes of entering into a contract
with us, you have the right to receive the personal data you provided to us in a
portable format. You may also request us to provide it directly to a third party, if
technically feasible. We are not responsible for any such third party's use of your
Account information, which will be governed by their agreement with you and any privacy
statement they provided to you.
If we ask for your consent to use your
personal data, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Please note that in case of a
withdrawal of your consent you may no longer be able to use several functionalities of our
Websites and our services.
Please note that some requests to delete
certain personal data will require the deletion of your Account as an Affiliate Partner as
the provision of Affiliate Partner Accounts is inextricably linked to the use of certain
personal data (e.g. your email address). Also note that it is possible that we require
additional information from you in order to verify your authorization to make the request
and to honor your request.
To exercise any of your rights, or if you
have any other questions about our use of your personal data, please contact us
electronically by sending us an email at affiliates@stripchat.com
or by post at Spyrou Kyprianou 75, Flat/Office 102, Potamos Germasogeias, 4042, Limassol, Cyprus.
We endeavor to address all your requests
promptly.
15. How to access or modify your personal data
We remain dedicated to the protection of
your data and we want to be clear about the type of information collected, helping you make
choices about your privacy. You may:
access/modify the
information in your profile provided during registration; or
block cookies,
including cookies associated with our services, by activating or deactivating the
related cookies on your browser. Please note, however, that if you choose to disable all
cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or part of our
Websites. Please see our Cookies Policy
for more information.
16. Choices About How We Collect, Use and Disclose Your
Personal Information
We strive to provide you with choices
regarding the personal information you provide to us.
You can choose not
to provide us with certain personal information, but that may result in you being unable
to use certain features of our Websites because such information may be required in
order for you to register as an Affiliate Partner; create or track campaigns; use
products or services; participate in a contest, promotion, survey; ask a question; or
initiate other transactions on our Websites.
You can set your
browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being
sent. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information.
When you register
on our Websites, you may be given a choice as to whether you want to receive email
messages, newsletters or both about product updates, improvements, special offers, or
containing special distributions of content by us. If you no longer want to receive
commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us, you will need to avail yourself
of the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the applicable communication. It may take up to
seven days for us to process an opt-out request. We may send you other types of
transactional and relationship e-mail communications, such as service announcements,
administrative notices, and surveys, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of
receiving them. Please note that opting out of receipt of promotional email
communications will only affect future activities or communications from us. If we have
already provided your information to a third party before you have changed your
preferences or updated your information, you may have to change your preferences
directly with that third party.
You may opt out of
interest-based advertising on mobile devices by activating the "Limit Ad Tracking" or
equivalent feature offered by your mobile platform. It will transmit a signal to us and
to third-parties that indicates your data should not be used for interest-based
advertising.
If you submit
personal information, you may delete your Account with us at any time. If you delete
your Account, your personal information and any and all other Account related
information including, but not limited to, user profile data, sharing data and any other
data, or content specifically associated with your Account will no longer be accessible
by you. After deleting your Account, if you choose to have an Account with us in the
future, you will have to sign up for a new Account as none of the information you
previously provided or saved within your Account will have been saved.
17. Our communication with you
If you have any questions about this privacy
policy or our information-handling practices, please contact us electronically at affiliates@stripchat.com
or by post at Spyrou Kyprianou 75, Flat/Office 102, Potamos Germasogeias, 4042, Limassol, Cyprus.
18. Right to complain
If you wish to lodge a complaint about how
your personal data is used by the Company, you may contact us electronically at the email
address affiliates@stripchat.com or by post at
Spyrou Kyprianou 75, Flat/Office 102, Potamos Germasogeias, 4042, Limassol, Cyprus.
Upon receipt of your complaint, we will
investigate it and respond to you within a reasonable time. We will cooperate with the
appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve
any complaints regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data that cannot be
resolved by an individual and us.
You also have the right to complain to the
data protection supervisory authority of the country in which you reside, provided that such
country is a Member State of the European Union or is located within the EEA.
19. Our policy towards minors
Our Websites are not directed to individuals
under the age of eighteen (18) or the applicable age of majority in the jurisdiction from
which the Websites are accessed and we do not knowingly collect personal data from minors.
If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us
electronically at affiliates@stripchat.com.
If we become aware that a minor has provided us with personal data, we will take steps to
remove such information and terminate that person's account immediately.
20. Third-party links
Our Websites may include links to
third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those
connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control
these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. We
specifically disclaim responsibility for their content, privacy practices and terms of use,
and we make no endorsements or representations about their accuracy, content or
thoroughness. When you leave our Websites, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of
every website you visit.
21 California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
As of January 1, 2020, the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (" CCPA ") provides California residents
(" Consumer(s) ") certain rights with respect to their personal information, as this
term is defined under the CCPA. In addition to the rights we state under this policy and
subject to the exceptions found under the CCPA, Consumers have the right to:
Opt-out of the
sale of their personal information, should we sell their personal information;
Be informed of
certain information concerning our collection and use of their personal information;
Request that we
delete certain personal information we collected from them;
Appoint an agent
to exercise their rights provided for by the CCPA, provided that a duly executed
notarized power of attorney is presented and provided that the agent has information
deemed sufficient to allow us to verify the identity of the Consumer in question and to
locate his/her information in our systems;
Not be subjected
to discrimination for the exercise of these rights. We will not deny California
residents the use of our service, neither will we provide a different level or quality
or services for exercising any of their CCPA rights, unless as permitted under the
CCPA.
Our Websites do not sell nor have it sold in
the past 12 months personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable
considerations. We may however disclose certain personal information with third parties,
service providers and entities within our corporate group in order to enable them to perform
certain services on our behalf and namely to make the Websites work properly. Regardless, we
respect the California residents' right to exclude personal information from such sharing
arrangements and to thereby opt-out of any future sale of their personal information.
If the CCPA is applicable to you and you
would like to record such preference, please send us an email at affiliates@stripchat.com.
22. Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to update, revise,
amend and/or modify this privacy policy at any time in order to reflect any changes to the
way in which we process your personal data or changing legal requirements.
Although we will notify you when major
changes are made to this privacy policy, you are expected to periodically review the most
up-to-date version found at privacy policy
so you are aware of any changes. The date of the latest version of the privacy policy will
appear at the top of the webpage hosting the policy.
23. Cookies
As we have briefly mentioned in this privacy
policy, our Websites use small files known as cookies to make it work better in order to
improve your experience.
To find out more about how we use cookies,
please see our Cookies Policy .
24. No Error Free Performance
We do not guarantee error-free performance
under this privacy policy. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this privacy policy
and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with our
privacy policy. We shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages
relating to this privacy policy.
About
Technologies
Marketing
Legal
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Stripcash
Sign
up
Affiliate Program
© 2026 Stripcash ・ stripcash.company