==============================================================================
FONTE      https://accounts.zalando.com/terms-of-use
CAPTURADO  2026-09-17T23:42:30+00:00  ·  vantagem IT
MÉTODO     captura manual pelo navegador (a página monta por JavaScript ou recusa cliente automatizado)
SHA-256    8241eff8c4d29cdb0ff23ae885eb5efe3fbaaf9862bc721a94a3f220f00fac80
           (do texto abaixo da linha, sem este cabeçalho)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Zalando
Terms of Use
(from 14.10.2025)
Summary of the Terms of Use
This summary gives you an overview of the most important points of our Terms of Use. It is not a complete
representation of all the conditions that apply to the use of our services. The full Terms of Use can be found
in the original text below.
1. Scope and Purpose
Our Terms of Use apply when you set up an account with us or use our services, such as websites, apps, and other
services. The use of these services is free of charge unless otherwise stated. These terms govern how you can
use the Zalando platform.
2. Personalised Services
Zalando strives to offer you a unique and engaging shopping experience. A key part of our service is the
personalisation of our services to provide you with better, more convenient, and more secure services. To do
this, we use the information stored in your customer account to determine your needs and interests. This allows
us to present you with more relevant content and individual product recommendations that match your
interests.
3. Requirements and Fair Use
To use our services, you must be at least 16 years of age. You are required to provide true and accurate
information about yourself and to use the data of third parties only with their consent. The services may be
used exclusively for personal purposes and not for commercial or professional activities. It is also prohibited
to maintain multiple accounts or to use automated systems to access the services. Our goal is to provide all
customers with a positive shopping experience. To ensure this and prevent fraud and misuse, we have established
rules for the fair use of our services. These include prohibitions against fraud, illegal activities, harassment
of employees, and the commercial use of our services. We also reserve the right to take action against customers
with conspicuously high and unusual return behaviour. These rules do not limit your statutory consumer rights,
such as the 14-day right of withdrawal or our 30-day return policy. If we have sufficient reason to believe that
you are in breach of these rules, we may refuse or cancel your orders, temporarily pause, suspend or permanently
close your account.
4. Handling of Your Content
As part of some services, Zalando offers you the opportunity to create and publish your own content, such as
texts, photos or videos. Your content may be visible to third parties, which may enable interaction. For the
creation and conduct on our platform, Zalando's Community Guidelines apply. We
reserve the right to review and restrict your content to ensure that it complies with the Community Guidelines and legal
provisions ("Moderation"). In the event of serious or repeated violations, we may temporarily or permanently
exclude you from the respective service or delete your account. By creating content, you confirm that you are
the author or owner and grant Zalando a non-exclusive, worldwide licence to use, reproduce, and distribute your
content. You are solely responsible for the content you create.
Terms of Use (full text)
1. General
1.1 These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply when you set up an account with us, or otherwise shop
with us or access all websites, apps, or make use of other benefits and services (“Services”) offered by Zalando
SE and its group companies (“Zalando”). Use of our Services is free of charge, unless expressly stated
otherwise.
1.2 Please familiarise yourself with these Terms as they govern how you use our Services and
shop with us. For more information on your rights when ordering items from our website please read our General Terms and Conditions and if you would
like to understand how we collect and process your personal information you share with us via our Services
please read our Privacy Policy . If you
have any other questions please reach out to our customer care team.
1.3 We reserve the right to terminate this agreement, should you be in breach of these Terms, or
otherwise with 4 months prior notice. You have the right to terminate this agreement at any point in time by
requesting deletion of your customer account.
2. Access to and Use of Zalando Services
At Zalando, our focus is to create unique and captivating fashion experiences tailored for you. In order to
achieve this, we focus on development and provision of personalised functionalities and services to allow us to
offer you better, more practical and more secure services. To this end we use the information you share with us
and store on your customer account to determine your needs and interests. On this basis we can offer you more
relevant content corresponding to your needs and interests. Personalisation allows you to see content, which is
more relevant to you more quickly, or content is specially presented to you (e.g. in the form of individual
product recommendations). Offering a personalised experience is therefore an integral part of Zalando’s service.
If you would like to find out more details about how we use data stored on your customer account to provide
personalised functionalities and services for you, please read our Privacy Notice.
3. In order to set up an account, shop, or to access our websites, apps, benefits and services you need to:
be at least 16 years of age.
provide information or data which is correct and true about yourself and not provide data of third parties
without their consent.
use and access our Services exclusively for personal purposes which are not connected to any trade, business
or professional activity.
you are only entitled to have and use one customer account with Zalando at any time. We reserve the right to
delete multiple registrations.
ensure that no misuse of our websites or apps or other services takes place by knowingly introducing
viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful when
using our websites. You must not use automated systems, scripted behaviour or use third party services to
create accounts, buy articles or browse, or otherwise use Zalando Services on your behalf. You must not
download, install or otherwise use any of the software provided by Zalando, such as mobile apps, for any
other than the intended purpose as set out above, especially not for the development of tools suitable to
circumvent restrictions imposed upon the use of accounts, such as the restrictions set out in these Terms.
4. Fair Use of Services
Our goal is to provide all customers with a positive shopping experience. To ensure this, we have implemented the
rules that govern the fair use of our services. These shall prevent fraud and protect against misuse so that all
customers can shop with confidence. It includes the following behaviours and measures:
4.1 Prohibited Conduct
The following actions and behaviours are prohibited when using our services:
Fraud or Illegal Activities: Any form of fraud or violation of applicable laws. This
includes misrepresenting your identity or making false claims about lost products.
Harassment of Employees: Customers may not threaten or pressure employees of Zalando or its
service providers.
Commercial Use: Customers may use and access our services for personal purposes only.
Commercial use of the services, including buying items with the intent of reselling them, is not permitted.
Conspicuously High Returns: We reserve the right to take measures against customers with
conspicuously high and unusual product return behaviour. This shall apply, in particular, to repeated,
disproportionally high numbers of returns (or instances of return behaviour considered to be ‘abusive’) that
do not correspond to normal buyer behaviour.
Please note that these rules in no way affect or limit your rights as a consumer, including the statutory 14-day
right of withdrawal or our 30-day return policy.
4.2 Potential Measures
If we have sufficient reasons to believe that you are in violation of these rules, depending on the circumstances
we may take the following measures:
Refuse to accept your order or cancel a placed order.
Temporarily pause your customer account (which remains active, but without the ability to make purchases).
Temporarily or permanently suspend or close your customer account.
Permanently prohibit you from opening a customer account and/or shopping with us.
Our assessment is always based on different fair and non-discriminatory criteria, including systematic deviations
in purchasing and return behaviour. This may involve analysing data such as purchase frequency, composition of
orders, and return history to identify patterns that indicate a violation of these rules.
5. Your own content and the publication of your own content
5.1 Zalando gives you the opportunity, within the scope of some Services, to create your own
content, such as texts, photos, voice or video recordings (“your content”), and, if applicable, to publish them
to specific recipients, groups of recipients or third parties in general, for example (but not exclusively) by
sharing the content with third parties on Zalando or externally.
5.2 Please be aware, your content may be visible to third parties and may be subject to
interactions with third parties, for example (but not exclusively) by third parties sharing your content with
other third parties, marking it with a rating (e.g., through "likes") or following your content.
5.3 Zalando has issued Community
Guidelines , which provide Customers with binding legal frameworks and guidelines for content and behaviour
on the Zalando platform. They serve to ensure legally compliant interaction characterised by mutual respect and
apply accordingly to your content. By accepting these Terms of Use, you also declare your Agreement with these
Community Guidelines .
5.4 We reserve the right to review and restrict your content to ensure that it complies with our
Community Guidelines and legal
provisions ("Moderation"). If this is not the case, we may restrict or remove your content or ask you to adapt
your content in accordance with the Community
Guidelines and legal provisions.
Further details on moderation can be found in our Community Guidelines as well as
our Privacy Policy .
5.5 If we have sufficient reason to believe that your content or your behaviour intentionally
and/or abusively violates the Community
Guidelines or legal provisions—for example, by repeatedly creating your content that violates the Community Guidelines or legal
provisions or if your content or behaviour seriously violates the Community Guidelines or legal
provisions—we reserve the right to temporarily or permanently block you from the respective service or to
temporarily deactivate or permanently delete your customer account.
5.6 Please note that the creation of ratings and reviews is subject to its own Terms
of Use , and therefore the preceding regulations do not apply to them.
6. Rights of Use to Your Content and Liability
6.1 By creating your content, you confirm that you are the author or owner of your content
and/or - if you are not the owner - have all the necessary licences, rights, consents and permissions to submit
and/or publish your content, including from third persons appearing in your content. You also grant us a
non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide, transferable and free licence to use, reproduce, modify,
adapt, alter or edit, publish, translate, distribute, and display your content in any form, medium, or
technology.
This licence includes, but is not limited to, the right to display the content, translate the content into other
languages (including for marketing, advertising, promotional, and informational purposes and materials), and
integrate the content into insights, reports, summaries, articles, or aggregated feedback, including the use of
your username or profile name as well as to combine with other materials and content.
You hereby confirm and acknowledge that you shall not be entitled to and waive accordingly any entitlement to any
payment or the right to share in any revenue from any monetisation of your content.
6.2 The licence may be sublicensed to Zalando service providers or partners with whom we work,
for example, in the fields of content moderation, marketing, sales and/or security.
6.3 You alone are responsible for the content you create. You are obligated to indemnify and
hold harmless Zalando (and its officers, directors, appointees, representatives, employees, and service
providers and partners) from all claims, damages, and consequential damages of any kind and form, whether known
or unknown, including legal fees, resulting from non-compliance and/or infringement with the Community Guidelines , these
Terms of Use, a violation of the law, and an infringement of third-party rights.
Terms of Use
(until 14.10.2025)
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply when you set up an account with us, or otherwise shop with us or access all websites, apps, other benefits and services (“Services”) offered by Zalando SE and its group companies (“Zalando”). Use of our Services is free of charge, unless expressly stated otherwise.
Please familiarize yourself with these Terms as they govern how you use our Services and shop with us. For more information on your rights when ordering items from our website please read our Standard Terms and Conditions and if you would like to understand how we collect and process your personal information you share with us via our Services please read our Privacy Policy. If you have any other questions please reach out to our customer care team.
We reserve the right to terminate this agreement, should you be in breach with its Terms, or otherwise with 4 months prior notice. You have the right to terminate this agreement at any point in time by requesting deletion of your customer account.
Access to and Use of Zalando Services
At Zalando, our focus is to create unique and captivating fashion experiences tailored for you. In order to achieve this, we focus on development and provision of personalised functionalities and services to allow us to offer you better, more practical and more secure services. To this end we use the information you share with us and store on your customer account to determine your needs and interests. On this basis we can offer you more relevant content corresponding to your needs and interests. Personalisation allows you to see content, which is more relevant to you more quickly, or content is specially presented to you (e.g. in the form of individual product recommendations). Offering a personalised experience is therefore an integral part of Zalando’s service. If you would like to find out more details about how we use data stored on your customer account to provide personalised functionalities and services for you, please read our Privacy Notice.
In order to set-up an account, shop, or to access our websites, apps, benefits and services you need to:
be at least 16 years of age.
provide information or data which is correct and true about yourself and not provide data of third parties without their consent.
use and access our Services exclusively for personal purposes which are not connected to any trade, business or professional activity.
you are only entitled to have and use one customer account with Zalando at any time. We reserve the right to delete multiple registrations.
ensure that no misuse of our websites or apps or other services takes place by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful when using our websites. You must not use automated systems, scripted behaviour or use third party services to create accounts, buy articles or browse, or otherwise use Zalando Services on your behalf. You must not download, install or otherwise use any of the software provided by Zalando, such as mobile apps, for any other than the intended purpose as set out above, especially not for the development of tools suitable to circumvent restrictions imposed upon the use of accounts, such as the restrictions set out in these Terms.