==============================================================================
FONTE      https://www.amazon.de/-/en/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909000
CAPTURADO  2026-07-31T01:13:30+00:00  ·  vantagem IT
MÉTODO     captura automatizada (HTTP)
SHA-256    5e489044b4681c8b7d09c79f05c777615ae67b27d1f42c32392b3d5514a8ee96
           (do texto abaixo da linha, sem este cabeçalho)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Amazon.de Conditions of Use and Sale - Amazon Customer Service
Skip to
Main content
Keyboard shortcuts
Search
opt
+
/
Basket
shift
+
opt
+
C
Home
shift
+
opt
+
H
Orders
shift
+
opt
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
opt
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
.de
Deliver to
Italy
All
Select the department you want to search in
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Haul
Amazon Resale
Apps & Games
Audible Audiobooks
Automotive
Baby
Beauty
Books
Camera & Photo
CDs & Vinyl
Classical Music
Computers & Accessories
Deals
Digital Music
DVD & Blu-ray
Electronics & Photo
Fashion
Women's Clothing, Shoes and Jewellery
Men's Clothing, Shoes and Jewellery
Girl's Clothing, Shoes and Jewellery
Boy's Clothing, Shoes and Jewellery
Baby Clothing, Shoes & Jewellery
Garden & Outdoors
Gift Cards
Grocery
Handmade
Health & Personal Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Home Improvement
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Lighting
Luggage and travel gear
Luxury Stores
Magazines
Major Appliances
Musical Instruments & DJ Equipment
Office Products
PC & Video Games
Pet Supplies
Premium Beauty
Prime Video
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Subscribe & Save
Toys & Games
Search Amazon.de
EN
Hello, sign in
Account & Lists
Orders
0
Shopping-
Basket
All
Amazon Haul
Best Sellers
New Releases
Today's Deals
Prime
Kindle Books
Shopper Toolkit
Fashion
Gift Cards
Grocery
Home & Kitchen
Electronics & Photo
Home Improvement
PC & Video Games
Sports & Outdoors
Toys & Games
Drugstore & Body Care
Computers
Car & Motorbike
Pet Supplies
Baby
Free Delivery
Subscribe & Save
Books
Customer Service
Sell on Amazon
Help and customer service
Find more solutions
Security and Privacy
›
Legal Policies
›
Amazon.de Conditions of Use and Sale
Last updated on 28.11.2025
Find the previous iteration of Conditions of Use & Sale on Previous versions of Legal policies . This version of the Conditions of Use & Sale applies to all orders which were placed
on or after the last update date indicated above. For orders placed before this date,
please access previous versions of the Conditions of Use & Sale and select the version
that applied at the time of your order.
Click here to see a summary of the main elements of these Conditions of Use.
Welcome to Amazon.de
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL and/or their affiliates ("Amazon") provide
website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at
Amazon.de (the "website"), use Amazon products or services, use Amazon applications
for mobile, or use software provided by Amazon in connection with any of the foregoing
(collectively "Amazon Services"). Amazon provides the Amazon Services and sells our
products to you subject to the conditions set out on this page. Amazon.de is the trading
name for Amazon.
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Sale
Conditions of Use
Please read these conditions carefully before using Amazon Services. By using Amazon
Services, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions. We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply.
When you use an Amazon Service (for example Your Account, Gift Cards or Amazon applications
for mobile), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable
to that Amazon Service ("Service Terms"). If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent
with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Right Infringements
1 ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use any Amazon Service or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications
from your desktop or mobile device to us, you are communicating with us electronically.
We will communicate with you electronically in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail,
text, in-app push notices or by posting e-mail messages or communications on the website
or through the other Amazon Services, such as our Message Center. For contractual
purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree
that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide
you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing,
unless mandatory applicable laws specifically require a different form of communication.
2 RECOMMENDATIONS AND PERSONALISATION
As part of the Amazon Services, we will recommend features, products, and services,
including third part ads that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences,
and personalise your experience. For more information see the help page Finding Products in the Amazon store .
3 COPYRIGHT, AUTHORS' RIGHTS AND DATABASE RIGHTS
All content included in or made available through any Amazon Service, such as text,
graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data compilations
is the property of Amazon or its content suppliers and is protected by Luxembourg
and international copyright, authors' rights and database right laws. The compilation
of all content included in or made available through any Amazon Service is the exclusive
property of Amazon and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright and
database right laws.
You may not extract and/or re-utilise parts of the content of any Amazon Service without
our express written consent. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots,
or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times)
for re-utilisation any substantial parts of the content of any Amazon Service, without
our express written consent. You may also not create and/or publish your own database
that features substantial parts of any Amazon Service (e.g. our prices and product
listings) without our express written consent.
4 TRADEMARKS
Visit our help page Amazon Trademarks to see a list of Amazon trademarks.
In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names
included in or made available through any Amazon Service are trademarks or trade dress
of Amazon. Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with
any product or service that is not Amazon's or in any manner that is likely to cause
confusion among customers. All other trademarks not owned by Amazon that appear in
any Amazon Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not
be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Amazon.
5 LICENCE AND ACCESS
Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and applicable Service Terms
and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content providers grant you
a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable licence to access and
make personal and non-commercial use of the Amazon Services. This licence does not
include any resale or commercial use of any Amazon Service or its contents; any collection
and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any
Amazon Service or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information
for the benefit of another merchant; or (with the exception of any use by researchers
or competent authorities to ensure compliance with applicable laws) any use of data
mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. You may not use the
Amazon Services to infringe, misappropriate, or violate intellectual property or other
legal rights.
All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service
Terms are reserved and retained by Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers,
rights holders, or other content providers. No Amazon Service or its contents, nor
any part of any Amazon Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold,
visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written
consent. You will not, and will not allow any third party to, use AI-generated content
from the Amazon Services to, directly or indirectly, develop or improve large language
or multimodal models, machine learning models or related technology, such as AI models
and AI systems.
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other
proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without
our express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text"
utilising Amazon's names or trademarks without our express written consent.
You may not misuse the Amazon Services. You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted
by law. The licences to use Amazon Services granted by Amazon terminate if you do
not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms.
6 YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need your own Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services, and you may be
required to be logged into the account and have a valid payment method associated
with it. If there is a problem charging your selected payment method, we may charge
any other valid payment method associated with your account. Click Your Payments to manage your payment options.
If you use any Amazon Service you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer and your
mobile devices, and to the extent permitted by applicable law you agree to accept
responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should
take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure
and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password
has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be used
in an unauthorised manner. You are responsible for ensuring that the details you provide
us with are correct and complete, and for informing us of any changes to the information
you have provided. You can access and update much of the information you have provided
us with, including your account settings, in the Your Account area of the website.
You must not use any Amazon Service: (i) in any way that causes, or is likely to cause,
any Amazon Service, or any access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in
any way, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or in connection with a criminal offence
or other unlawful activity, or (iii) to cause annoyance, inconvenience or anxiety.
We may terminate your Amazon account(s) or restrict your access to and use of Amazon
Services if you are in breach of applicable laws, these Conditions of Use, any Service
Terms, or any guidelines or policies on this website (such as our Community Guidelines).
For example, we may terminate your Amazon account(s) or restrict use of Amazon services
in cases of fraud or where required to do so by applicable laws or law or government
or other competent authority.
We will only terminate your Amazon account(s) or restrict your access to and use of
Amazon Services with advance notice, except when you seriously fail to comply with
applicable laws, when we are unable to provide advance notice for legal reasons or
when providing advance notice could expose Amazon to liability, harm other customers
or users, or compromise the Amazon Services.
In any event, we will inform you in writing of the termination of your Amazon Account(s)
or the restriction of your access and use of Amazon Services. The notification will
inform you of your right to appeal the decision.
You may close your Amazon account(s) at any time by accessing the "Your Account" page
and selecting "Close your Amazon Account".
7 REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may post reviews, comments and other content; send e-cards and other communications;
and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, as long as
the content is not illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of
privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, constitute a communicative attack
against children/adolescents, impair the personal integrity of children/adolescents,
or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or
contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters,
mass mailings or any form of "spam". You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate
any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content.
We reserve the right (but not, in the absence of a valid Notice Form , the obligation) to remove or edit such content. If you believe that your intellectual
property rights are being infringed by an item or information on any Amazon Service,
please notify us by completing and submitting the appropriate Notice Form and we will respond.
If you post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant:
(a) Amazon a non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sublicensable and transferable
rights to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works
from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media; and
(b) Amazon, its sublicensees and transferees the right to use the name that you submit
in connection with such content, if they choose. No moral rights are assigned under
this provision.
You agree that the rights you grant above are irrevocable during the entire period
of protection of your intellectual property rights associated with such content and
material. To the extent permitted by law, you agree to waive your right to be identified
as the author of such content and your right to object to derogatory treatment of
such content. You agree to perform all further acts necessary to perfect any of the
above rights granted by you to Amazon including the execution of deeds and documents,
at our request.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the
content that you post; that, as at the date that the content or material is posted:
(i) the content and material is accurate; and (ii) use of the content and material
you supply does not breach any applicable policies or guidelines of Amazon and will
not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the content or material is
not defamatory and does not impair the personal integrity of children/adolescents).
You agree to indemnify Amazon for all claims brought by a third party against Amazon
arising out of or in connection with the content and material you supply except to
the extent that any liability arises from our failure to properly remove the content
when it is notified of the illegal nature of the content ( Notice Form ) arising out of or on the grounds of, or originating from the content that you have
communicated to us.
8 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS
Amazon respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your intellectual
property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to concerns of infringement,
please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Right Infringements .
9 AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS
In addition to these Conditions of Use, the terms found on the help page Amazon Games and Software Terms of Use apply to any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software and any
related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time for your use
in connection with Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software").
10 OTHER BUSINESS
Parties other than Amazon operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines
on this website. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies
and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating,
and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or
the content of their websites. Unless explicitly stated otherwise in these Conditions
of Use, the below Conditions of Sale or the Service Terms, Amazon does not assume
any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all of these
or any other third parties. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions,
and we may share your information related to those transactions with that third party.
You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
11 THIRD PARTY SELLERS AND AMAZON'S ROLE
Amazon allows third party sellers to list and sell their products at Amazon.de. In
each such case this is indicated on the respective product detail page. While Amazon
helps facilitate transactions that are carried out on the Amazon Marketplace, Amazon
is neither the buyer nor the seller of the seller's items. Amazon provides a venue
for sellers and buyers to negotiate and complete transactions. Accordingly, the contract
formed at the completion of a sale for these third party products is solely between
buyer and seller. Amazon is not a party to this contract nor assumes any liability
arising out of or in connection with it nor is it the seller's agent. Except stated
below in this section, the third party seller is responsible for the sale of the products
and for dealing with any buyer claims or any other issue arising out of or in connection
with the contract between the buyer and seller. Because Amazon wants the buyer to
have a safer buying experience, Amazon provides the Amazon A-to-z guarantee in addition to any contractual or other rights.
Please note that some third party sellers may be selling as private individuals and
not as professional traders. In each case this information is indicated on the Detailed
Seller Information page (which you can access by clicking on the seller’s name) and
is based on information provided by the seller to Amazon. If a seller is not a business,
please note that your normal statutory rights under consumer protection laws (for
example, 2-year or 3 years warranty rights, depending on the country, and the right
to cancel your order without giving any reason within 14 days) will not apply. However,
the Amazon A-to-z guarantee and our voluntary 30-day returns guarantee will still
apply in this case.
If the third party seller’s items are indicated as Fulfilled by Amazon, Amazon will
manage the delivery and our customer service will handle any issue related to the
order. For more information, specifically on how to resolve disputes in these particular
cases, see the help page Fulfilled by Amazon .
If the third party seller’s items are not indicated as Fulfilled by Amazon the seller
will manage the delivery of your order. For more information see the help page Ordering from a Marketplace Seller . The seller will also handle any customer services inquiries, except if it is indicated
that customer service is provided by Amazon or if your order is marked with the Amazon
Prime badge.
12 OUR LIABILITY
We will do our utmost to ensure that availability of the Amazon Services will be uninterrupted
and that transmissions will be error-free. However, due to the nature of the internet,
this cannot be guaranteed. Also, your access to Amazon Services may also be occasionally
suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of
new facilities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of
any such suspension or restriction.
Amazon is liable without limitation if damage is caused by an intentional or gross
negligent breach of duty by Amazon or one of its legal representatives or vicarious
agents.
In addition, Amazon is liable for slight negligent breach of essential obligations.
Essential are those obligations the breach of which puts at risk the achievement of
the contractual purpose, or the performance of which enables the fulfillment of the
contract and is regularly trusted on by you. In this case, Amazon however is only
liable for foreseeable damage typical of the contract. Amazon is not liable for slight
negligent breach of any other obligations than those mentioned in the previous sentences.
The aforementioned limitations of liability do not apply for damages from injury to
life, body or health, for a defect after a guarantee for the condition of the product
of for fraudulently concealed defects. The liability under the German Product Liability
Act remains unaffected.
To the extent the liability of Amazon is excluded or limited, such exclusion or limitation
also applies to the employees, legal representatives or vicarious agents of Amazon.
13 APPLICABLE LAW
These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and the application of the United Nations Convention of
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. We both agree
to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the district of Luxembourg
City, which means that you may bring a claim to enforce your consumer protection rights
in connection with these Conditions of Use in Luxembourg or in the EU country in which
you live. We prefer to solve your requests in direct contact with you and therefore
do not participate in alternative consumer dispute resolution proceedings. If you
would like to bring a matter to our attention, please contact us .
14 EXPORT CONTROLS
You agree that you will not export, re-export, or transfer any products (including
software or other digital products) that you have purchased on the website to any
country, individual, corporation, organization, or entity to which such export is
restricted or prohibited by law. For example, economic sanctions and embargoes imposed
by the European Union, the United Nations, US Departments of State, Treasury or Commerce,
and other government authorities (such as embargoes imposed on specific countries,
or economic sanctions imposed on individuals or companies for terrorism or money laundering
offences) may prohibit you from taking products to other countries, even for your
own personal use, and/or sending products (whether physically by mail or digitally
via email or file-sharing) to particular individuals, corporations, organizations
or entities. In addition, you agree that you will not purchase any product or service
from the website if you are subject to restrictive measures (sanctions).
15 ALTERATIONS TO SERVICE OR AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF USE
You will be subject to the Amazon Services, policies, terms and conditions including
these Conditions of Use, and Service Terms in force at the time that you use the Amazon
Services. If you should have an Amazon account, and provided that such change does
not constitute an unfair disadvantage for you, we may change the policies, terms and
conditions including these Conditions of Use and Service Terms, or any part of it,
at any time for the following reasons: for legal or regulatory reasons; for security
reasons; to enhance existing features or add additional features to our Services;
to reflect advancements in technology; to make reasonable technical adjustments to
our Services; and to ensure the ongoing operability of our Service. If we make changes,
we will inform you in due time and remind you of your rights. You will keep the possibility
to cancel your Amazon account at any time. If any change is found invalid or for any
reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining changes or conditions. Notwithstanding, we reserve
the right to make changes to any Amazon Services at any time.”
16 WAIVER
If you breach these Conditions of Use and we take no action, we will still be entitled
to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions
of Use.
17 CHILDREN
We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for
purchase by adults. If you are under 18 you may use the Amazon Services only with
the involvement of a parent or guardian.
18 GOVERNING LANGUAGE
In the event of any inconsistency, discrepancy or conflict between the German version
of these Conditions of Use and their translation in another language, the German version
shall prevail.
19 OUR CONTACT DETAILS
This website is owned and maintained by Amazon Europe Core SARL.
For Amazon Europe Core SARL:
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 154,560
Registered in Luxembourg
CS Luxembourg No: B180022
Business Licence Number: 134248
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 26375245
Other contacts:
For Amazon EU SARL:
Amazon EU SARL,
Société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy,
L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 165,833
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg No: B-101818
Business Licence Number: 134248
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 20260743
Local Registered Branch:
Amazon EU SARL,
Niederlassung Deutschland,
Anni-Albers-Str. 21,
80807 Munich, Germany
Registered at the District Court of Munich Commercial Register B
Registration Number 218574;
Ust-ID DE 81458193;
For Amazon Media EU SARL:
Amazon Media EU SARL,
Société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy,
L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 50,000
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg No: 112767
Business Licence Number: 136312
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 20944528
You can also contact us through our customer service and we may reach out to you via email or telephone.
20 NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF ILLEGAL CONTENT
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed and you
are eligible for Brand Registry https://sell.amazon.de/brand-registry , please sign up to that service and submit your complaint via Brand Registry. Otherwise,
please submit your complaint using our online Report Infringement form . This form may be used to report all types of intellectual property claims including,
but not limited to, copyright, trademark, design and patent claims.
Upon receipt of a complaint, we may take certain actions, including removing information
or an item and termination of repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances. All
such actions are taken without any admission as to liability and without prejudice
to any rights, remedies or defenses, all of which are expressly reserved. This includes
forwarding the complaint to the parties involved in the provision of the allegedly
infringing content. You agree to indemnify Amazon for all claims brought by a third
party against Amazon arising out of or in connection with the submission of a complaint.
Note on Third Party Seller Listings: Please keep in mind that Third Party Seller listings are merely hosted on Amazon.de
and are posted solely at the direction of Third Party Sellers who may be contacted
via their Seller Information page, accessible from any of their listings.
ASIN and ISBN-10 Defined : "ASIN" stands for Amazon Standard Item (or Identification) Number and is a ten (10) character identifier. It can be found below any listing under Product
Details. "ISBN-10" stands for International Standard Book Number and is a ten (10) digit identifier that can be found on some book listings under
Product Details.
Important Warning : giving false, misleading or inaccurate information in the Notice Form to Amazon
may result in civil and/or criminal liability. You should contact a legal advisor
should you have any questions.
Reporting other illegal content
If you otherwise wish to notify us of any issues with a product, content, or a product
page, for example you believe that the product or content is illegal, then you can
submit a report. For more information see the help page Report an Issue with a Product, Content or Product Page .
ADDITIONAL AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS
Use of the Amazon Software . You may use Amazon Software solely for purposes of enabling you to use and enjoy
the Amazon Services as provided by Amazon, and as permitted by the Conditions of Use,
these Software Terms and any Service Terms. You may not incorporate any portion of
the Amazon Software into your own programs or compile any portion of it in combination
with your own programs, transfer it for use with another service, or sell, rent, lease,
lend, loan, distribute or sub-license the Amazon Software or otherwise assign any
rights to the Amazon Software in whole or in part. You may not use the Amazon Software
for any illegal purpose. We may cease providing any Amazon Software and we may terminate
your right to use any Amazon Software at any time. Your rights to use the Amazon Software
will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with any
of these Software Terms, the Conditions of Use or any other Service Terms. Additional
third party terms contained within or distributed with certain Amazon Software that
are specifically identified in related documentation may apply to that Amazon Software
(or software incorporated with the Amazon Software) and will govern the use of such
software in the event of a conflict with these Conditions of Use. All software used
in any Amazon Service is the property of Amazon or its software suppliers and protected
by Luxembourg and international copyright laws.
Use of Third Party Services. When you use the Amazon Software, you may also be using the services of one or more
third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile platform provider. Your use
of these third party services may be subject to the separate policies, terms of use,
and fees of these third parties.
No Reverse Engineering. Unless explicitly permitted under applicable mandatory law, you may not, and you
will not encourage, assist or authorise any other person to copy, modify, reverse
engineer, decompile or disassemble, apply any other process or procedure to derive
the source code or other underlying components (such as a model, model parameters,
or model weights), or otherwise tamper with, the Amazon Software, whether in whole
or in part, or create any derivative works from or of the Amazon Software.
Software updates . Unless otherwise stated in the Service Terms with regards to certain Amazon Software,
Amazon may issue updates and upgrades to the Amazon Software from time to time. Please
also see the Conditions of Sale for software updates specific to physical goods contained
digital elements.
AGENTS
The terms in this section ("Agent Terms") apply if you use, allow, enable, or cause
the deployment of an Agent to access, use, or interact with any Amazon Services. For
the purposes of these Agent Terms, "Agent" means any software or service that takes
autonomous or semi-autonomous action on behalf of, or at the instruction of, any person
or entity.
Transparency and Consent. No Agent may access, use, or interact with Amazon Services unless, at all times,
it identifies itself and operates in strict accordance with the requirements in section
3 of these Agent Terms. In addition, no Agent may access, use, or interact with Amazon
Services if we have requested that the Agent refrain from accessing, using, or interacting
with any Amazon Service.
Limitation on Access. At our sole discretion, we may limit, including by technical measures, whether and
how any Agent accesses, uses, and interacts with Amazon Services.
Technical Requirements. Agents must:
In all HTTP/HTTPS requests, identify that the request is from an Agent and disclose
the name of the Agent by including the following in the request's user agent string:
Agent/[agent name]" (e.g., Agent/AmazonAgent)
Not conceal or obfuscate that any access, use, or interactions are from an Agent,
such as by (a) mimicking the speed or pattern of human keystrokes, page navigation,
or other interactions or (b) completing or circumventing CAPTCHAs or other measures
intended to distinguish computers from humans.
Respond truthfully to any question or prompt seeking to determine if interactions
are coming from a human or a computer.
Not circumvent or otherwise avoid any measure intended to block, limit, modify, or
control whether and how Agents access, use, or interact with an Amazon Service.
Conditions of Sale
1 SCOPE OF APPLICABILITY
These Conditions of Sale govern the sale of products by Amazon EU SARL to you.
We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply.
When you use an Amazon Service (for example Your Account, Gift Cards, Amazon applications
for mobile or Message Center), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and
conditions applicable to that Amazon Service ("Service Terms"). If these Conditions
of Sale are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.
Please read these conditions carefully before placing an order with Amazon EU SARL.
By placing an order with Amazon EU SARL, you signify your agreement to be bound by
these conditions.
2 OUR CONTRACT
Your order is an offer to Amazon to buy the product(s) in your order. When you place
an order to purchase a product from Amazon, we will send you a message confirming
receipt of your order and containing the details of your order (the "Order Confirmation").
If you are using certain Amazon Services (e.g. Amazon mobile applications) the Order
Confirmation may be posted on a Message Center on the website. The Order Confirmation
is acknowledgement that we have received your order, and does not confirm acceptance
of your offer to buy the product(s) or the services ordered. We only accept your offer,
and conclude the contract of sale for a product ordered by you, when we dispatch the
product to you and send e-mail or post a message on the Message Center of the website
confirming to you that we've dispatched the product to you (the "Dispatch Confirmation").
If your order is dispatched in more than one package, you may receive a separate Dispatch
Confirmation for each package, and each Dispatch Confirmation and corresponding dispatch
will conclude a separate contract of sale between us for the product(s) specified
in that Dispatch Confirmation. Your contract is with Amazon EU Sarl. Without affecting
your right of cancellation set out in section 3 below, you can cancel your order for
a product at no cost any time before we send the Dispatch Confirmation relating to
that product.
This right to cancel does not apply to certain categories of products and services,
including digital products or software which are not supplied in a physical format
(e.g. on a CD or DVD), once download or use (whichever is earlier) has begun.
You consent to receive sales invoices electronically in a format and method of delivery
as determined by us, e.g. made available in pdf format in the Your Account area of the web site . For each delivery, we will inform you in our Dispatch Confirmation if an electronic
invoice is available. For further information about electronic invoices and instructions
on how to receive a paper copy please refer to our help pages.
Please note that we sell products only in quantities which correspond to the typical
needs of an average household. This applies both to the number of products ordered
within a single order and the placing of several orders for the same product where
the individual orders comprise a quantity typical for a normal household.
3 RIGHT OF CANCELLATION UP TO 14 DAYS, EXCEPTIONS TO CANCELLATION AND OUR VOLUNTARY
RETURNS GUARANTEE, STATUTORY WARRANTY RIGHTS
INSTRUCTION ON RIGHT TO CANCELLATION
STATUTORY RIGHT
You have the right to cancel your order without giving any reason within 14 days from
the day on which you or a third party indicated by you (other than the carrier) receives
the goods purchased (or last good, lot or piece if the order relates to goods or multiple
lots or pieces delivered separately) or from the day of the conclusion of the contract,
in the case of services or digital content not supplied in a tangible medium (e.g.
CD or DVD).
You must inform us (Amazon EU Sarl, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg)
of your decision to cancel your order. You may submit your request according to the
instructions and forms available on our Returns Support Center , by contacting us or using this standard cancellation form . In case you use the return center, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement
of receipt of such cancellation without undue delay (e.g. by e-mail).
To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication
on the exercise of the right to cancellation before the cancellation period has expired
and return the goods via our Return Support Center within the deadline defined below.
For additional information on the scope, content and instructions for the exercise,
please contact our Customer Service.
EFFECTS OF CANCELLATION
If you cancel your order, we will reimburse all payments received from you for the
goods purchased (unless we are entitled to reduce your refund, as explained below)
and will also reimburse delivery charges for the least expensive type of delivery
offered by us. This reimbursement will be made without undue delay and, except in
the situations described below, by no later than 14 days from the day on which we
received your communication on the cancellation of this order. For such reimbursement
we will use the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless
you have expressly agreed otherwise. In any event, you will not incur any fees as
a result of such reimbursement. We may withhold reimbursement until we have received
the goods back or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the goods, whichever
is the earliest.
Note that you must send back the goods without undue delay and in any case by no later
than 14 days from the day on which you communicate to us your cancellation of this
order via our Returns Support Center . To meet the deadline, it is sufficient for you to send the goods before the period
of 14 days has expired. Costs for returning the goods are specified in the Return Costs page. Goods not suitable for parcel shipment will be collected from you at your cost.
Information about collection costs is available here .
You will only have to pay compensation for any deterioration of the goods if the value
of the goods diminishes due to your handling of the goods (except when it was necessary
to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods). In this case,
we may reduce your refund to reflect the diminished value of the goods. If the goods
are significantly damaged as a result of your handling of them, you may not be entitled
to a refund for them.
EXCEPTIONS TO THE RIGHT OF CANCELLATION
The right to cancellation does not exist or lapses, as the case may be, in the case
of contracts regarding:
the delivery of goods which are not suitable for return due to health protection or
hygienic reasons if unsealed by you after delivery, or which, due to their nature,
are, after delivery, inseparately mixed with other items;
the delivery of sealed audio or video recordings or of sealed software if unsealed
by you after delivery;
the supply of goods made to customer specifications or clearly customized to personal
needs;
the supply of goods which may deteriorate or expire rapidly;
a service if Amazon has fully performed it (e.g. the use of the Amazon MP3 Music Service)
and you acknowledged and expressly accepted before you placed your order that we could
start to deliver the service, and that you could not cancel it once the contract had
been fully performed;
the supply of digital content (including apps, digital software, ebooks, MP3, etc.)
which is not supplied on a tangible medium (e.g. on a CD or DVD) if you expressly
accepted before your order has been executed and at the same time confirmed that we
could start to deliver the content, and that you could not cancel it once delivery
had started;
the delivery of newspapers, journals or magazines with the exception of subscription
contracts; and
the supply of alcoholic beverages whose price has been agreed upon conclusion of the
sales contract, which however can only be delivered after 30 days and whose actual
value is dependent on fluctuations in the market which we cannot control.
OUR VOLUNTARY RETURNS GUARANTEE
In addition to your statutory rights, Amazon provides you with the following voluntary
returns guarantee:
Products sold by Amazon EU SARL can be returned within 30 days of receipt of the products
to Amazon EU SARL if none of the exceptions applies, and if the products are complete and are in the same condition as upon receiving.
Additional information can be found on our help page About Our Returns Policies . The products are to be returned via our Returns Support Center .
This voluntary returns guarantee does not apply to digital products or software which
are not supplied on a tangible medium (e.g. on a CD or DVD).
You must return each product in the same condition in which you received it. You
may be liable if the value of any returned product has been diminished due to your
handling of it (except when such handling was necessary to establish the nature, characteristics
and functioning of the product). Therefore, if you do not return products in the same
condition in which you received them in, Amazon reserves the right to reject the return
or deduct a portion of the original purchase price from your refund to cover the diminished
value.
If you return products according to this voluntary returns guarantee, we will refund
to you the purchase price already paid by you (or a partial refund if you do not return
a product in the same condition in which you received it), but not the delivery costs
of your initial purchase. Likewise the transport risk and return costs are borne by
you, unless the product is eligible for free returns . The costs of return are refunded for returns of clothing or shoes purchased on the
Amazon Stores and falling under the Free Return on Fashion Items policy. This returns guarantee does not affect your statutory rights and therefore does not
affect your right of cancellation as described above.
Details on returning and examples can be found on our help page about Return Items You Ordered .
STATUTORY WARRANTY RIGHTS:
In addition to your 30-day returns guarantee, customers in the European Union have
statutory warranty rights for a period of two years from the delivery of the goods
and can request repair or replacement of the goods purchased at Amazon if these goods
have defects or are not as described. If the goods cannot be repaired or replaced
within a reasonable time or cannot be repaired or replaced without difficulties you
can claim reimbursement or a reduction of the purchase price.
In the case of used goods, the warranty period can be shorter than two years.
For further information on the terms and conditions please see our return conditions.
Further information on your statutory warranty rights can be found on the following
help page: Warranty under Statutory Consumer Rights
4 PRICING
All prices are inclusive of legally applicable VAT.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalogue may be mispriced.
We will verify pricing when processing your order and before we take payment. If we
have made a mistake and a product's correct price is higher than the price on the
website, we may either contact you before dispatch to request whether you want to
buy the product at the correct price or cancel your order. If a product's correct
price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and send you
the product.
5 PAYMENT, RETENTION OF TITLE, DIRECT DEBIT, PURCHASE ON ACCOUNT
You can pay the purchase price by payment on account (under the conditions set forth
in this section 5), credit card or direct debit.
Every good delivered remains property of Amazon EU SARL until payment has been fully
made.
Payment by direct debit:
In case of a direct debit return imputable to the customer, Amazon EU S.à r.l. will
charge a lump sum damage of 3 EUR ( direct debit return fee ). The customer is entitled to prove that a damage has not occurred at all or is substantially
lower than the lump sum claim.
The foregoing rules also apply to direct debits for the purpose of paying purchases
made via 3rd party sellers (see Sec. 11 and 12 of the Terms of Use).
Payment on account:
If you are a new customer there is a maximum amount up to which a purchase on account
is possible. This maximum amount applies to your entire account and takes into consideration
outstanding payment from earlier orders on account.
Payment on account is only available to consumers of at least 18 years of age. The
delivery address, the home address and the billing address must be identical and within
Germany or Austria. Payment on account is not available for services or products delivered
online (e.g. software downloads) or the purchase of vouchers. The payment amount becomes
due upon receipt of the invoice. Amazon EU SARL reserves the right to not offer certain
payment methods in individual cases.
In the case of payment on account we charge a one-time fee of EUR 1.50 inclusive of
applicable VAT per delivery in addition to any applicable shipping costs. You will
be separately informed before placing your order if this fee is charged.
Should the payment on account – for reasons imputable to the customer – not be paid
on the due date, Amazon EU S.à r.l. will charge a lump sum damage of 3 EUR. The customer
is entitled to prove that a damage has not occurred at all or is substantially lower
than the lump sum claim.
In the case of payment on account and in other cases for legitimate reasons Amazon
EU SARL will check and assess the data provided by you and exchange data with other
company within the Amazon group and with credit agencies. For our decision on whether
you can pay by payment on account we, in addition to our own data, use probabilities
which we obtain from Bürgel Wirtschaftsinformationen GmbH & Co. KG, Gasstraße 18,
22761 Hamburg, Germany and informa Solutions GmbH, Rheinstraße 99, 76532 Baden Baden,
Germany to assess the default risk. The calculations of such probabilities are based
on a scientifically recognised mathematical-statistical procedure. We also verify
with these aforementioned companies the address data provided by you.
6 DELIVERY
Unless agreed otherwise, delivery will be made to the delivery address indicated by
you. On our website you will find information on the availability of products sold
by Amazon (e.g. on the respective product detail page). Please note that all information
about the availability, shipping or delivery of a product is merely estimated information
and contains approximate values and does not constitute binding or guaranteed shipping
or delivery dates, unless expressly stated otherwise in the shipping options for the
respective product. If we notice, while processing your order, that the products ordered
by you are not available, we will inform you thereof in a separate e-mail or through
our Message Center. Your statutory rights remain unaffected.
If we cannot deliver to you because the goods delivered do not fit through your entrance
door, front door or your staircase, or you are not found at the delivery address given
by you even though the delivery time has been announced to you with a reasonable period
of notice you will have to bear the cost of such failed delivery.
7 CUSTOMS
When ordering products from Amazon for delivery outside of the EU you may be subject
to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified
destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we
have no control over these charges. Customs policies vary widely from country to country,
so you should contact your local customs office for further information. Additionally,
please note that when ordering from Amazon, you are considered the importer of record
and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving
the products. Your privacy is important to us and we would like our international
customers to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection
by customs authorities. For more information see Customs, Duties, and Taxes .
8 1-CLICK ORDERING
1-Click ordering is the fastest and easiest way to order products safely and securely
from Amazon. If you are using a public or shared computer terminal, we strongly recommend
that you deactivate 1-Click ordering when you are not at the computer.
9 WARRANTY FOR PRODUCTS SOLD BY AMAZON AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In addition to your 30-day returns guarantee, customers in the European Union have
statutory warranty rights for a period of two years from the delivery of the goods
and can request repair or replacement of the goods purchased at Amazon if these goods
have defects or are not as described. If you are a consumer, you can still assert
your rights within a further four months after the two years have expired. If the
goods cannot be repaired or replaced within a reasonable time or without difficulties
you can claim reimbursement or a reduction of the purchase price.
If a replacement is delivered to you as supplementary performance, you are obligated
to return to us at our cost the goods initially delivered within 30 days. The return
of the defective goods has to be made according to legal requirements. Amazon reserves
the right to claim damages in accordance with statutory law.
In the case of used goods the warranty period can be shorter than two years.
For further information on the terms and conditions please see our return conditions.
Further information on your statutory warranty rights can be found on the following
help page: Warranty under Statutory Consumer Rights .
Amazon is liable without limitation if damage is caused by an intentional or gross
negligent breach of duty by Amazon or one of its legal representatives or vicarious
agents.
In addition, Amazon is liable for slight negligent breach of essential obligations.
Essential are those obligations the breach of which puts at risk the achievement of
the contractual purpose, or the performance of which enables the fulfillment of the
contract and is regularly trusted on by you. In this case, Amazon however is only
liable for foreseeable damage typical of the contract. Amazon is not liable for slight
negligent breach of any other obligations than those mentioned in the previous sentences.
The aforementioned limitations of liability do not apply for damages from injury to
life, body or health, for a defect after a guarantee for the condition of the product
or for fraudulently concealed defects. The liability under the German Product Liability
Act remains unaffected.
To the extent the liability of Amazon is excluded or limited, such exclusion or limitation
also applies to the employees, legal representatives or vicarious agents of Amazon.
10 SOFTWARE UPDATES
For goods with digital elements, Amazon (or a relevant third party) will issue the
following types of updates for digital products you purchase:
where applicable, updates which were specified on the product information page when
you purchased the product; and (ii) updates which are required by law including to
ensure the conformity of such good; see help page Warranty under Statutory Consumer Rights .
Amazon (or a relevant third party) may also issue you with additional product updates
from time to time including to: (i) offer or improve new functionality, designs, interfaces
and/or features; (ii) to make minor technical changes; and/or (iii) for legal or security
reasons, where considered reasonably necessary by Amazon (or a relevant third party).
Some of these updates might not be necessary to ensure conformity of the product.
By accepting the Conditions of Sale, you agree to be provided with such updates.
You agree that updates may be carried out automatically, without you needing to take
any action. Where an update is not automatic, it will only take effect once installed
by you. You acknowledge that if updates are not installed in a timely manner, or are
not installed properly, this might impair the performance or functionalities of relevant
products. Amazon will not be held liable for any lack of conformity resulting from
your failure to install updates properly.
11 APPLICABLE LAW
These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and the application of the United Nations Convention of
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. We both agree
to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the District of Luxembourg
City, which means that you may bring a claim to enforce your consumer protection rights
in connection with these Conditions of Sale in Luxembourg or in the EU country in
which you live. If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the EU,
you additionally enjoy the protection afforded to you by mandatory provisions of the
law of your country of residence.
12 AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF SALE
We reserve the right to make changes to these Conditions of Sale at any time by posting
the changes on Amazon.de. You will be subject to the Conditions of Sale available
in force at the time that you order products from us.
13 SEVERABILITY
If any of these Conditions of Sale is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable,
that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability
of any remaining condition.
14 WAIVER
If you breach these Conditions of Sale and we take no action, we will still be entitled
to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions
of Sale.
15 CHILDREN
We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for
purchase by adults. If you are under 18 you may only use Amazon.de with the involvement
of a parent or guardian.
16 GOVERNING LANGUAGE
In the event of any inconsistency, discrepancy or conflict between the German version
of these Conditions of Sale and their translation in another language, the German
version shall prevail.
17 OUR CONTACT DETAILS
Our contact details are:
Amazon EU SARL,
Société à responsabilité limitée,
38 avenue John F. Kennedy,
L-1855 Luxembourg
Share Capital: EUR 165,833
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg No: B-101818
Business Licence Number: 134248
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 20260743
Local Registered Branch:
Amazon EU SARL,
Niederlassung Deutschland,
Anni-Albers-Str. 21,
80807 Munich, Germany
Registered at the District Court of Munich Commercial Register B
Registration Number 218574;
Ust-ID DE 81458193;
Permanent Representative: Rocco Bräuniger
You can also contact us through our customer service and we may reach out to you via email or telephone.
Was this information helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your feedback.
Please select what best describes the information:
This information is confusing or wrong
This isn't the information I was looking for
I don't like this policy
Submit
Thanks. While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback,
we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
‹
All help topics
Legal Policies
Amazon.de Conditions of Use and Sale
Amazon.de Privacy Notice
Amazon Anti-Counterfeiting Policy
Imprint - About Us
Notification to Amazon.de of a violation of law
Youth Protection
Communications with Amazon Employees
Requesting an Out of Court Dispute Settlement under the Digital Services Act
Accessibility
Quick solutions
Your orders
Track and return orders
Your orders
Track and return orders
Returns and refunds
Return or exchange items
Returns and refunds
Return or exchange items
Carrier info
Delivery carrier information
Carrier info
Delivery carrier information
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Payment settings
Add or edit payment methods
Payment settings
Add or edit payment methods
Account settings
Change email or password
Account settings
Change email or password
Back to top
Get to Know Us
Careers
Press Releases
About us
Imprint
Amazon Science
Make Money with Us
Sell on Amazon
Sell on Amazon Business
Sell on Amazon Handmade
Associates Programme
Fulfilment by Amazon
Supply to Amazon
Brand Registry and New Seller Incentives
Seller Fulfilled Prime
Advertise Your Products
Independently Publish with Us
Amazon Pay
Host an Amazon Hub
› See More Make Money with Us
Amazon Payment Methods
Amazon Visa
Shop with points
Amazon Business Amex Card
Gift Cards
Monthly Invoice
SEPA Direct Debit
Amazon Currency Converter
Top Up Your Account
Top Up Your Account in Store
Let Us Help You
Track Packages or View Orders
Delivery Rates & Policies
Amazon Prime
Return, Replace or Withdraw
Recycling
Cancel contracts
Cancel Vodafone contracts
Manage Your Content and Devices
Recalls and Product Safety Alerts
Amazon Mobile App
Customer Service
Accessibility
Lists and Gifting
Report illegal content
English
Germany
Amazon Advertising
Find, attract and
engage customers
Amazon Music
Stream millions
of songs
AbeBooks
Books, art
& collectables
Amazon Web Services
Scalable Cloud
Computing Services
Audible
Download Audiobooks
IMDb
Movies, TV
& Celebrities
Kindle Direct Publishing
Indie Digital & Print Publishing
Made Easy
Shopbop
Designer
Fashion Brands
Amazon Resale
Great Deals on
Quality Used Products
ZVAB
Centralized Directory
of Antiquarian Books
Amazon Business
Pay by Invoice. PO Numbers.
For Business.
Conditions of Use & Sale
Privacy Notice
Imprint
Cookies Notice
Interest-Based Ads Notice
© 1996-2026, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates